Feature: Add check for ledgers received by TmStatusChange. (#48)
runziggurat/xrpl: SPEC.md

    <- mtPROPOSE_LEDGER with node's node_pub_key
    -> mtSQUELCH (node_pub_key)
    <- mtPROPOSE_LEDGER with node's node_pub_key

### ZG-CONFORMANCE-010

    The node should send TmStatusChange message containing ledger info.

>     This message should be sent without requesting explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This message should be sent without any explicit requests.
```

>     To ensure ledger correctness, tests asks for ledger information via RPC 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure ledger correctness, the test asks for ledger information via RPC first 
```

>     and compare results with TmStatusChange payload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and compares the results with the TmStatusChange payload. 
```

Author: Done

    <>

>     <- TmStatusChange with correct ledger hash and sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <- TmStatusChange with the correct ledger hash and sequence
```

Author: Done

    <- mtPROPOSE_LEDGER with node's node_pub_key
    -> mtSQUELCH (node_pub_key)
    <- mtPROPOSE_LEDGER with node's node_pub_key

### ZG-CONFORMANCE-010

>     The node should send TmStatusChange message containing ledger info.

Reviewer: on its own? the conditions are unclear

Author: Added more information to README.

    <>

>     <- TmStatusChange with correct ledger hash and sequence

Reviewer: what makes them correct?

Author: Added more information to README.
